Updating Privacy Policy for DPF inclusions (#8054)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/privacy.mdx

For logged-in customers to PostHog deployments, PostHog also collects this information on our application using our own software, to help us understand how to make the deployments more useful for different categories of customer.

### Usage data information from self-managed PostHog instances

> PostHog automatically collects information about usage from each self-managed PostHog instance (Open Source, Scale and Enterprise Edition). We may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. It is possible to opt out of your personal information being transferred, and for self-managed PostHog instances, we do not track your end users at all. PostHog tracks the usage of these instances at an aggregate level - it is also possible to prevent this through modifying the code, which is made available to you.

Reviewer: @simfish85 is this actually true any more, or can we cut this whole section about collecting data from self-managed PostHog instances?

Author: If we make changes to this we need to go back through the whole DPF approval process btw

Where your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA, Switzerland and UK and where this is to a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected by safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the EU Commission or by the UK Government. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by using the contact details in the ‘Contacting PostHog About Your Privacy’ section of this Privacy Policy.

> Posthog complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Posthog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. PostHog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. PostHog has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit the [DPF website](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/).
```

For the actions of third party agents PostHog engages to process data on our behalf, PostHog remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless PostHog proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

> ##Disputes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disputes
```

> As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact PosthHog directly at privacy@posthog.com and posthog will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that PostHog has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at  https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact PostHog directly at privacy@posthog.com and we will use best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that PostHog has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party [dispute resolution provider](https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution), free of charge.
```

> For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see [Annex I of the DPF Principles](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf).
```
